NaNaNaNaNaNa
Something is off
Yeah this is it, Let’s go
NaNaNaNaNaNa
I want to be like him, I’m jealous Yes I’m,
jealous Yes I’m
If I was even half of half as him I’d be happy
It’s funny, funny that I’m
Comparing myself with someone, it’s funny
Don’t do that, don’t do that
Such comparison is meaningless
Don’t do that, Stop it now
You just have to go on your own way
Though I don’t want to admit it
I just naturally see others around me
Going ahead doesn’t mean you’re going to get there first, Baby
Look at it from afar, Take your time
There’s no need to rush, My Pace
Don’t compare yourself with others
It’s okay to run slower
Just follow my lane, My lane
Take it easy
Just look ahead and run
You ready, Let’s go
NaNaNaNaNaNa
Just stay in my lane
But then again
I look at others and then I look at myself
They seem to be better than me by at least a thing
Why’s that why’s that
I keep going back at it without knowing
I have to keep choosing though I don’t know, this or that
Should I try it am I falling behind, the anxiety is killing me
Look at them, look at them
I’m different from them, them
Though I say that but I have my desire full in my empty glass
Though I don’t want to admit it
I just naturally see others around me
Going ahead doesn’t mean you’re going to get there first, Baby
Look at it from afar, Take your time
There’s no need to rush, My Pace
Don’t compare yourself with others
It’s okay to run slower
Just follow my lane, My lane
Take it easy
Just look ahead and run
I don't know where my destination is yet
I don't know
I don’t know how I’d look like at the finish line, I want to know
I want to know
But for now I run on the road ahead of me
I’ll decide on the next fork
Until then, I’m not looking at others
Don’t forget My speed, My lane, My pace
There’s no need to rush, My Pace
Don’t compare yourself with others
It’s okay to run slower
Just follow my lane, My lane
Take it easy
Just run and look ahead
You ready, Let’s go
NaNaNaNaNaNa
Just stay in my lane